solution design and Reasoning

Questions

1.Given the above high level requirements, what are some of the questions you would ask each of following team members to understand this feature better?

Product owner
PO1 What is the goal/purpose of the feature?
PO2 What is the timeline for development and launch of this feature?
P03 What are the success criteria  for this feature?

UX designer
UD1 How should users interact with this feature?
UD2 What design elements should be used to ensure a positive user experience?
UD3 How can we ensure that users understand how to use this feature quickly and easily?

Technical Architect
TA1 What technologies will be used to develop and deploy this feature?
TA2 How will the data associated with this feature be stored and accessed?
TA3 Are there any existing systems or services that need to be integrated with this new feature?


2. In order to delight the user with these features, how would you want it to work?
The following should be considered per feature

Ability to add users based on the available licenses
Test Case 1: Verify that the client administrator can add a user with a valid license.
Test Case 2: Verify that the client administrator cannot add a user with an invalid license.
Test Case 3: Verify that the client administrator cannot add more users than the available licenses.

2. Ability to edit user details
Test Case 1: Verify that the client administrator can edit existing user details such as name, email address, and phone number.
Test Case 2: Verify that the client administrator can change a user's role from standard to admin or vice versa.
Test Case 3: Verify that the client administrator can reset a user's password.

3. Ability to remove users
Test Case 1: Verify that the client administrator can remove an existing user from the system.
Test Case 2: Verify that when a user is removed, their data is also removed from the system.

3. Based on your response to the previous question what would you automate in the testing of this feature?

The best approach is to prioritize which features should be automated based on their importance to the overall system or process being automated
It is important to consider the cost and benefit of automating each feature.
Automating a feature can save time and money, but it may also require additional resources or expertise. 
For example, automating the ability to add users based on available licenses may be beneficial if the process is complex or time-consuming.
However, automating the ability to edit user details may not be as beneficial if the process is relatively simple and can be done manually.
